Adding monitoring (#547)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/gcloud/setup-gke-provisioning-pipeline.asciidoc

```
kubectl get secret --namespace cattle-system bootstrap-secret -o go-template='{{.data.bootstrapPassword|base64decode}}{{"\n"}}'
```
=== Monitoring

> To know more about the monitoring tools set up, please refer to that documentation: link:../monitoring-kubernetes.asciidoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of having chosen to install the logging and monitoring stack, refer to the link:../monitoring-kubernetes.asciidoc[corresponding documentation].
```
